NSIS: Add /CONFIG and /DISABLEREPORTING flag (#5666)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/setup/install/windows.md

   Replace `PATH_TO_INSTALLER` with the path where the unzipped installer executable is located.

> ### Silent options
> 
> * `/CONFIG=<path>` Path to config file. Default: `$INSTDIR\config.river`
> * `/DISABLEREPORTING=<yes|no>` Disable Analytics of Agent. Default: `no`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Silent install options

* `/CONFIG=<path>` Path to the configuration file. Default: `$INSTDIR\config.river`
* `/DISABLEREPORTING=<yes|no>` Disable [data collection][]. Default: `no`
```

We could add a link to the data collection topic. We need to add the following in the `doc/reference` shortcode block (somewhere between lines 72 and 77)

```
[data collection]: "/docs/agent/ -> /docs/agent/<AGENT_VERSION>/data-collection.md"
[data collection]: "/docs/grafana-cloud/ -> /docs/grafana-cloud/monitor-infrastructure/agent/data-collection.md"
```
